add user info to dashboard (#5708)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/api-server/examples/api-server-auth-proxy.rst

.. note::

    If your auth proxy is not automatically detected, try using ``sky api login --cookies`` to force auth proxy mode.

> If the `X-Auth-Request-Email` header is set by your auth proxy, SkyPilot will use it as the user name all requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `X-Auth-Request-Email` header is set by your auth proxy, SkyPilot will use it as the username in all requests.
```
